Country List: america,india,china,japan,uk

US Deaperture:
UK:Unvaccinated visitors from the United States need to provide a negative COVID-19 test result and quarantine to enter the United Kingdom.
    Fully vaccinated visitors from the United States can enter the United Kingdom without restrictions.
India:Most visitors from the United States will not be allowed to enter India.
China:Most visitors from the United States will not be allowed to enter China.
Japan:Most visitors from the United States will not be allowed to enter Japan.

UK Departure:
US:Most visitors from the United Kingdom will not be allowed to enter the United States.
India:Most visitors from the United Kingdom will not be allowed to enter India.
China:Most visitors from the United Kingdom will not be allowed to enter China.
Japan:Most visitors from the United Kingdom will not be allowed to enter Japan.

India Departure:
US:Most visitors from India will not be allowed to enter the United States.
UK:Unvaccinated visitors from India need to provide a negative COVID-19 test result and quarantine to enter the United Kingdom.
    Fully vaccinated visitors from India can enter the United Kingdom without restrictions.
China:Most visitors from India will not be allowed to enter China.
Japan:Most visitors from India will not be allowed to enter Japan.

China Departure:
US:Most visitors from China will not be allowed to enter the United States.
UK:Unvaccinated visitors from China need to provide a negative COVID-19 test result and quarantine to enter the United Kingdom.
    Fully vaccinated visitors from China can enter the United Kingdom without restrictions.
India:Most visitors from China will not be allowed to enter India.
Japan:Most visitors from China will not be allowed to enter Japan.

Japan Departure:
US:Most visitors from Japan need to provide a negative COVID-19 test result to enter the United States.
UK:Unvaccinated visitors from Japan need to provide a negative COVID-19 test result and quarantine to enter the United Kingdom.
    Fully vaccinated visitors from Japan can enter the United Kingdom without restrictions.
India:Most visitors from Japan will not be allowed to enter India.
China:Most visitors from Japan will not be allowed to enter China.